Beta release (#3393)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/development/releases/index.md

## Node-RED Dashboard 2.0

- [Dashboard Release Process](./dashboard-2) - Release instructions for the Dashboard 2.0

## Beta Release

> Sometimes, FlowFuse will release a feature as a beta feature when it is known to be an early version that may lack features or functions that are intended to be made available at a later date. The goal of releasing a feature in beta is that it provides for rapid learning of how users engage with the feature, as this informs later product development. Features initally released as beta versions may later be deprecated entirely, drastically reconfigured, priced differently, or in other ways very significantly revised compared to their initial beta version. 

Author: The intent is that we'll call a feature a beta feature when we intend to make significant changes to it or how it's priced. Indeed, all features are ones that we might change depending on what we learn, but here we are flagging that we intend to do this even at the time that the feature is launched.

> Sometimes, FlowFuse will release a feature as a beta feature when it is known to be an early version that may lack features or functions that are intended to be made available at a later date. The goal of releasing a feature in beta is that it provides for rapid learning of how users engage with the feature, as this informs later product development. Features initally released as beta versions may later be deprecated entirely, drastically reconfigured, priced differently, or in other ways very significantly revised compared to their initial beta version. 

Author: Personally, I think it's helpful to define what we mean by "beta". I think the alternative is leaving the interpretation of it open to users. IMO Gitlab's handbook example covers similar concepts: https://docs.gitlab.com/policy/development_stages_support/

> Sometimes, FlowFuse will release a feature as a beta feature when it is known to be an early version that may lack features or functions that are intended to be made available at a later date. The goal of releasing a feature in beta is that it provides for rapid learning of how users engage with the feature, as this informs later product development. Features initally released as beta versions may later be deprecated entirely, drastically reconfigured, priced differently, or in other ways very significantly revised compared to their initial beta version. 

Reviewer: I think the core difference we want to communicate is:

- All features are open to iteration and improvement, in terms of actual functionality, UX and pricing. Any feedback we get, we consider, and action accordingly.
- With a "Beta" feature, we label that as such, because we _already have plans_ in place to do significant overhaul of the feature set at the point it's first shipped.

We also could differentiate this as "beta" by saying, it's free, go nuts, but when it comes out of beta, it will be a paid for feature.

> Sometimes, FlowFuse will release a feature as a beta feature when it is known to be an early version that may lack features or functions that are intended to be made available at a later date and will initially be released free with the goal of making it a paid feature. The goal of releasing a feature in beta is that it provides for rapid learning of how users engage with the feature, as this informs later product development. Features initially released as beta versions may later be deprecated entirely, drastically reconfigured, priced differently, or in other ways very significantly revised compared to their initial beta version. 

Author: ```suggestion
## Beta Release

FlowFuse will release features in beta when it is known to be an early version
that may lack features or functions that are intended to be made available at a
later date. Pricing is generally a follow up function, and thus things might be
released as Beta without pricing, where later the company might charge for the
feature. The goal of releasing a feature in beta is that it provides for rapid
learning of how users engage with the feature, as this informs later product
development.

Beta features can only be introduced in tiers where we expect them to remain
once they are successful. If no clear tier can be established for a beta
feature, it must be introduced in the Enterprise tier, as moving features down
to lower tiers is easier than moving them up. All beta features will be
introduced in the licensed, non-open source version to allow the company the
freedom to change things as needed.

Features initially released as beta versions may later be deprecated entirely,
drastically reconfigured, priced differently, or in other ways very
significantly revised compared to their initial beta version.
```
